Siri test (#19)
inform-us/requirements_specifications: informus/rules/Delirium.md

- the denominator can potentially be a bigger number than the current number of patients occupying the ICU beds (allowing for admissions / discharges), hence representing this as percentage and not a fraction
- the following could potentially be excluded from the calculation:
a) RASS -4/-5 with a CAM-ICU score - this is theoretically possible to document (by accident) but highly unlikely

> b) NO Valid RASS documented with a CAM-ICU score documented means that at the time of CAM-ICU documentation, the last RASS score documented is now out of data (either it has been 1 hours and 15 minutes in the day or 4 hours and 15 minutes in the night). Ideally CAM-ICU and RASS should be documented concurrently as a concurrent RASS autofills one of the four CAM-ICU features, but this is not always done. Once improvement work on this metric is underway, this will be less likely. We will therefore need to denote when CAM-ICUs are documented without valid RASS score to prompt reviews of RASS on the floorplan. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b) NO Valid RASS documented with a CAM-ICU score documented means that at the time of CAM-ICU documentation, the last RASS score documented has now surpassed its validity period and become expired (either it has been 1 hours and 15 minutes in the day or 4 hours and 15 minutes in the night). Ideally CAM-ICU and RASS should be documented concurrently as a concurrent RASS autofills one of the four CAM-ICU features, but this is not always done. Once improvement work on this metric is underway, this will be less likely. We will therefore need to denote when CAM-ICUs are documented without valid RASS score to prompt reviews of RASS on the floorplan. 
```

MAKE EPOCHS FOR THIS SECTION

1) If the latest (real or forward-filled) CAM-ICU score reading this shift= negative: ‘GREEN’; design = green filled bed
2) If the latest (real or forward-filled) CAM-ICU score reading this shift = positive: ‘RED’; design = red filled bed
3) If the latest CAM-ICU score is positive, but the latest RASS is not within 75 minutes (06:00 - 21.59) or 4 hours and 15 minutes (night), label bed as CAM-ICU positive, RASS overdue.
4) If the latest CAM-ICU score is negative, but the latest RASS is not within 4 hours and 15 minutes (22:00 - 05:59) or 4 hours and 15 minutes (night), label bed as CAM-ICU positive, RASS overdue.  
5) If there is no CAM-ICU score since the start of the shift (since 08:00 day or 20:00 night) ‘missing’: ‘missing’; design = white filled bed with red hashed outline
6) If the latest CAM-ICU score not applicable as RASS score has fallen to -4- or -5: ‘assessment not required (RASS is -5 or -4)’ design = white filled bed with blue hashed outline (RASS pips CAM-ICU)
    - This logic is applied across all epochs, so we override the CAM-ICU score for a particular row if RASS falls below -3.

> 7) CAM-ICU with a null RASS - label as either: `positive with no RASS` or `negative with no RASS`

Reviewer: Your point 3 looks to be in conflict with point 7. It is not clear to me whether a valid CAM-ICU with an invalid RASS should be labelled as `positive/negative with no RASS` or `CAM-ICU positive/negative, RASS overdue`

Author: Sorry you are right, I think I just neglected to delete point 7.
